# 2017-04-30 Meeting Notes

Members present:

 * Kevin Godsey
 * Jason Nemecek
 * Jay Skovlin
 * Dylan Beaudette
 * Henry Ferguson

## Agenda

1. 

2. 

3.




## Discussion



## Action Items

1. 
 


## For Next Time




 * snapshot cycle?
 * should the web-service use a snapshot (tables) or be live (views)... indexing / efficiency?
 * essential to sort-out linkages between lab characterization *and* morphologic data ([for example](https://github.com/ncss-tech/lab-data-delivery/issues/8))
 * there needs to be pedon "check" reports, similar to the effort placed on DMU/component records
 * what about the RaCA pedons / data? are they included in the current snapshot or 6 tables?
 
 
 
 

